update proc_using-a-git-provider-access-token.adoc (#2604)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/end-user-guide/pages/using-a-git-provider-access-token.adoc

You can create and apply multiple access-token Secrets per Git provider. You must apply each of those Secrets in your user {orch-namespace}.

[NOTE]
====

> You can configure personal access tokens in *User Preferences* page (`pass:c,a,q[{prod-url}]/dashboard/#/user-preferences?tab=personal-access-tokens`) of your {prod-short} dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure personal access tokens on the *User Preferences* page of your {prod-short} dashboard: `pass:c,a,q[{prod-url}]/dashboard/#/user-preferences?tab=personal-access-tokens`.
```

Author: Looks good, thanks!

Reviewer 2: @deerskindoll shouldn't we add `the` e.g. `on the  *User Preferences* page`

Reviewer 2: @akurinnoy I think we should move this to the beginning of the article smth. like 

 ```
OAuth for GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket, or Microsoft Azure Repos needs to be xref:administration-guide:configuring-oauth-for-git-providers.adoc[configured by the administrator] of your organization's {prod-short} instance. If your administrator could not configure it for {prod-short} users, the workaround is for you to use a personal access token. You can configure personal access tokens on the *User Preferences* page of your {prod-short} dashboard: `pass:c,a,q[{prod-url}]/dashboard/#/user-preferences?tab=personal-access-tokens`, or apply it manually as a {kubernetes} Secret in the user's namespace.
```

Reviewer: @ibuziuk you're absolutely right, `the page` is correct.

====

.Prerequisites

> * You have cluster administrator permissions for the cluster on which your organization's {prod-short} instance is running.

Reviewer 2: @vinokurig wondering why is it required to have cluster-admin permissions?

Reviewer 3: That's probably a leftover, @akurinnoy please remove the item.
